FR #962: Enforcing Cost Integrity when all three metrics are set (regardless of ChargeClass) (#1245)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/columns/pricingquantity.md

  * PricingQuantity MAY be null in all other cases.

> * When PricingQuantity is not null, PricingQuantity adheres to the following additional requirements:
>   * PricingQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value.

Author: ```suggestion
* PricingQuantity MUST be a valid decimal value when not null.
```

>   * The product of PricingQuantity and a unit price (e.g., [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice)) MUST match the corresponding cost metric (e.g., [ContractedCost](#contractedcost)) when the unit price is not null.

Reviewer: nit: Consistency (see ContractedUnitPrice suggestions)

Author: Update submitted following this suggestion. Latest version of this and related normative requirements is available [here](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/1245#pullrequestreview-3132344714). Closing this conversation.

>   * The product of PricingQuantity and a unit price (e.g., [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice)) MUST match the corresponding cost metric (e.g., [ContractedCost](#contractedcost)) when the unit price is not null.

Author: ```suggestion
* Cost metric (e.g., [ContractedCost](#contractedcost)) MUST equal the product of the corresponding unit price (e.g., [ContractedUnitPrice](#contractedunitprice)) and PricingQuantity when the unit price is not null and PricingQuantity is not null.
```
